[engine stops]
It might sound extreme,
but I'm pretty sure
I'm in love.
I thought you had three more
nannies to interview.
I do, but Joelle walked
through the door,
and Steve immediately
stopped fussing.
She held him
the whole time.
-Plus, she speaks Spanish.
-Bilingual bonus.
Right? And it will be so much
easier to go back to work
if I know Steve is happy
without me.
But Shaun has reservations.
There's a whole
process involving
spreadsheets,
ranked voting.
Screw that. Good nannies
are hard to find.
You gotta pounce now.
I can't just make
that decision without Shaun.
Your body is no longer
tolerating the dialysis,
and it is putting you
at high risk for stroke
or cardiac damage.
We need to start you
on continuous renal
replacement therapy.
"Continuous" meaning...?
[Jordan] Your mom
has to stay here
until she receives
a kidney transplant.
I want you home, not living
in a hospital for years.
It won't be years.
CRRT is usually only effective
for about one week.
And then?
Complications will set in,
and without a transplant,
she will--
W-We're going to
find a kidney.
The last two donors
weren't compatible.
Suki.
Let's try to stay positive.
How? The video
I posted last night
asking for donors
only has a few hundred views.
I don't have
enough followers.
Come here, baby.
You have
such a good heart.
We will place a catheter
in your right jugular vein
and start CRRT.
Looking forward to
my internal medicine rotation
with you, Dr. Reznick.
I really--
Each of the urine samples
needs a dip test.
Each of the stool samples
in the poop fridge
needs a fecal occult
blood test.
Okay. I don't know
how to--
Dip the pee. Dab the poo.
Send to the lab.
It's not rocket science,
MacGyver.
But first, that little
blond girl, Zelda,
needs her TDAP vaccine.
And be careful.
She's a biter.
-Excuse me.
-Hey.
I saw a video post
about a patient here.
Where do I go
to donate my kidney?
[theme music playing]
[light-hearted music plays]
[crashing]
I was supposed to raise
my legs and slide on my butt.
Did you hear
any cracking sounds?
No. I didn't realize my leg was
hurt until we were driving home
and the adrenaline
wore off.
Did that say
1.6 million views?
Turns out that when your
tech-savvy daughter helps you
with your bucket list,
you end up an influencer.
You've got a Grade 4
malignant spinal cord tumor.
How long
did they give you?
About a year.
10 months ago.
Which is why I took a break
from college.
Spend as much time with him
as possible.
Make videos.
And memories.
[Dr. Park] Let's get x-rays
and a CT of the femur.
Get you back on your feet
as quick as possible.
Okay, if you'll lie down,
we'll get you down
to radiology.
Jerome, do you mind
just unlocking that side?
Sorry. I need to leave.
Yes, hi. It's Aaron Glassman
checking in on those images.
Well, when... [sighs]
They were supposed
to be ready today.
Fine. Can you have them
call me as soon asthey come in, please?
Thank you.
Hi.
I'm Dr. Glassman.
I can just tell you
what's in there.
World-stopping headaches.
Over and over
for the past three years.
The only thing
that helps is--
Oxycodone 20s.
Yeah.
And then, like a total klutz,
this morning,
I knocked my pill bottle
off the sink,
and they all fell
into the toilet.
Uh-huh.
Your prescribing doctor
is unreachable,
and it says here
you're drug-seeking.
After three years of oxy
and a revolving door
of doctors,
that doesn't surprise me.Forget it.
I'll find another doctor.
Like I said, total klutz.
Hang on, hang on.
-Sit.
-I don't have to listen to you.
I know. You don't.
Please. Sit.
Follow my finger.
Look to your left.
All the way to the right.
You have a twitch in your eye.
Did you know that?
Is that a thing?
It might be a thing.
Tap your finger
and your thumb together.
There you go.
All the way to your pinky
and back.
How about a partial refill?
Tide me over?
Just until my doc gets back.
No pills, but I am
going to order you
a brain and spinal MRI.
Any family history
of kidney disease?
Not that I know of.
Mom's a saint,
and I'm adopted
on my father's side.
Under name,
you only put "Emmanuel."
Yeah, that's
what people call me.
Like Beyonce.
-[chuckles]-Hmm. Okay.
If the blood and tissue type
match with our patient,
we'll do a crossmatch test
and we'll see--
Yeah, we'll match.
Whenever I donate, they
tell me I have golden blood.
Rhnull?
That's the rarest blood type
on Earth.
Only 100 cases.
That makes you
a universal blood donor.
Birthplace just says
Nazareth.
Is that in Pennsylvania?
No, the other one.
If the blood type tests out,
that's great news.
Almost done here.
Uh, you left
occupation blank.
I'm a carpenter by trade,
but I really consider
myself a teacher.
-Dear Lord.
-Yeah, I go by
many names.
Uh-huh.
This man thinks he's Jesus.
I've been sent here
to help.
EGFR and uACR are normal.
Both kidneys are
fully functional.
He is an ideal donor.
Except he's obviously crazy.
He thinks he's Jesus.
Technically,
we can't prove he isn't.
I mean, the Bible says Jesus
will return to Earth someday.
There's several examples
of ordinary people
becoming holy figures
later on in life.
Muhammed didn't receive
his first revelation from God
till he was 40.
[clears throat]
I minored in theology.
He's certainly
your patient's savior.
Without him,
she's dead in a week.
It is possible we could find
another donor, but unlikely.
but that doesn't mean
we should allow
a delusional man
to make
life-altering decisions.
And the surgery poses
a bigger risk for him.
We can only give him blood
from another Rhnull donor,
which is nearly impossible
to find.
Regardless, we should
reach out to his family.
Parents are dead.
His emergency contact
is his landlord.
If he wants to save someone's
life, I say we let him.
UNOS policy says organ donation
is contraindicated
if there is inability
to give informed consent
due to impaired cognitive
or intellectual capacity.
That's not our call.
We need a psych consult.
Your patient is suffering
from delusional disorder
of grandiosity.
However, he can
reliably articulate
that he understands
the procedure.
His driver's license
indicates
that he has been an organ donor
for at least a decade.
That suggests this decision is
consistent with his values.
He is completely competent
to donate.
Hallelujah.
[laughs] I don't know how
you live over half a century
without trying an oyster.
Well, I always wanted to.
I just... I don't know,
I chickened out because
they always look so goopy.
[laughs]
Well, no more fear.
Slurp away.
Mmm. Wow. Mmm.
[cellphone beeps]
Your femur's not fractured.
Oh. Good.
But the pain you're feeling
is called
referred neuropathic pain,
from a fracture in your spine.
It's compressing
your spinal cord.
Not good.
The tumor has infiltrated
and weakened
your spinal column.
It likely fractured when you
hit the ground after skydiving.
So how do we fix it?
Open spinal stabilization
and fusion surgery.
We replace your
fractured vertebrae with a cage
and add bone grafts, screws,
and rods for support.
You should be
back on your feet
in about six weeks.
That could be more than half
the time we have left.
There is another option
with simpler surgery.
No cage and no bone grafts,
much shorter recovery time,
buteven a small bump
could break it again.
So I'll avoid small bumps.
Let's do it.
Dad, are you sure?
We have a mountain
to climb.
We'll go get prepped.
Come on,
get your camera rolling.
I got 11 more to go.
Dad, you're so old.
Cameras don't roll anymore.
[cell phone beeps]
We still need to run an MRI
on the potential donor
to evaluate
the kidney's structure.
But the labs show
he could be an excellent match.
Your video worked.
Turns out you don't need
a million followers.
Just one...
who thinks he's Jesus.
[laughs softly]
Hashtag blessed.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
I would like to hire Joelle
as Steve's nanny.
I worked it out.
If we cut it down
to two streaming services
and I stop buying Steve
so many cute outfits
and we don't go on that trip
this summer,
we can afford her.
-Whew. This is a very
thorough spreadsheet.
-Mmm-hmm.
You clearly have
strong feelings about this.
We can hire Joelle.
-Shaun! Yeah! [laughs]
-Okay.
Okay, we should call her.
Yes.
[line ringing]
[Joelle] Hello?
Joelle, it's Lea and Shaun,
and we are so, so excited
because we would love
to hire you.
Oh.
-You stole my nanny?
-She wasn't yournanny.
Yet. And you knew
I wanted to hire her.
I encouraged you
to hire her on the spot.
But you hemmed you hawed
and you dilly-dallied
and you spreadsheeted,
so I took action.
And outbid me.
It's so gross.
I told you that good nannies
are hard to find.
My current one is late
half the time,
and she costs more
than Joelle.
I wanted to close the deal,
so I made an aggressive offer.
I feel like
I don't even know you.
I'm finished
with the perianal abscess.
Great.
Dressing change
for a diabetic foot ulcer
in 5 awaits.
Nobody said wound care
was glamorous.
Joelle has experience
with special-needs kids.
And she's bilingual.
I always wanted Eden
to be bilingual, so...
seriously, thanks.
You're trying to replace my
dream nanny with regifted wine?
-I'm not evil.
-Debatable.
[sighs]
You barely even
looked at it.
Enough to see there's
no tonsillar herniation,
which is the main criteria
for Chiari.
That's why I said
Chiari Zero.
That's not
a real diagnosis.
It is real.
It is controversial,
but it's real.
Moderate cervical syrinx,
plus occipital headaches,
plus dizziness,
plus clumsiness
with the finger tapping.
All symptoms
of Chiari malformation.
And also symptoms
of withdrawal.
Not the fluid
in her spinal cord.
Too many doctors have
just fed her pain medication
or shooed her away
altogether.
Because she's an addict.
And one who's around
your daughter's age
when she died.
Wow. Okay.
Hannah's pain is real.
She's in actual pain.
Or she's doctor-shopping
for a sucker.
Okay. So both can be true.
She's not gonna be able
to get over her addiction
unless somebody
addresses her pain.
All right, fine.
I don't know how
this is not worthwhile.
Leave the images.
Jerome bailed less than
an hour into his shift.
I'm worried about him.
He's going through it.
I was thinking you might go
talk to him after work?
I can't right now.
Yeah, no, of course.
Anything I can do for you?
Thanks.
I've got an MRI.
People are free to choose.
God is simply aware of
what those choices will be
because He lives outside
of time and space.
Isaiah 57.
Sorry to interrupt
your sermon.
Lie back.
I know we just met,
but I sense a...
Like, a weight on you.
A sadness.
I'm fine.
I'm guessing you were close
to the young man who died.
How do you know about him?
[Dom] Dr. Allen,
he's tachycardic
and his blood pressure's
elevated, 178 over 112.
Go get 20 milligrams
labetalol.
People like
to tell me things.
I like to listen.
So you're nosy.
Mmm. I'm friendly.
Um, his vitals are
normal again.
Probably spiked due to anxiety,
maybe from the machine.
I'm not anxious.
I'm enjoying our conversation.
-[machine whirring]
-Oh.
Apparently,
I'm the only one.
Try to keep still
and no talking during the MRI.
[knocking on door]
Hi.
Just checking in.
I was thinking I could
talk to Villanueva if you want,
about getting you
some more time off.
Thanks, but I don't think
a few more days or...
weeks will make
much of a difference.
I'm not sure I can
ever come back.
I'm sorry.
[Dr. Park] Rod is placed.
Lock it in with set screws.
Thank you.
[Dr. Park] Jerome's still
not back today?
No. He's not sure
he can come back at all.
[Dr. Park] Too many memories.
He's still in shock.
Now tighten
the instrumentation.
At least Paul gets to know
the end is coming and prepare,
say his goodbyes.
[Dr. Park]
I don't think you can ever
really be prepared.
And I wouldn't want my
loved ones to watch me suffer.
Spine is stabilized.
Continue with
the endoscopic decompression.
So you'd rather not
know it's coming?
I'll go to sleep one night,
never wake up, cut to black.
Hold up.
There's a clean margin
in the spinal column
surrounding the entire length
of the tumor.
That wasn't visible
in his previous imaging.
The impact of his landing
must have
cut off blood flow to the tumor
at its perimeter,
caused it to shrink.
[chuckles]
I think this gives us room
to do a cordectomy.
We could remove
his entire tumor.
And take out the majority
of his thoracic spinal cord
with it.
Would paralyze him
from the T3 down,
and his cancer
will probably come back.
But it'd give him
a lot more time.
Let's close him up,
see what he wants to do.
How much of his blood
have we banked so far?
Only two units,
and if we draw more,
he'll be too anemic
for surgery.
We found another
in Australia,
but it wouldn't get here
until the end of the week.
[Shaun] We can't
wait that long.
Naomi may be too unstable
to survive the transplant.
We'll have to make it work
with the patient's own blood.
We'll need to ligate every
vessel twice before cutting.
Be precise and meticulous.
I really don't want
Jesus' blood on my hands.
Luckily, we will be
double-gloved.
Give 7,000 units of Epogen
and 150 milligrams of iron
to increase RBCs.
Hi.
Are you entering
your baking era?
Nope. They're for Joelle.
But I have three reject batches
I could bring you.
-I'm good.
-Okay.
Why are you making muffins
for Park and Morgan's nanny?
Because soon
she'll be ours.
I've come up with some
additional cost-saving measures
so we can pay her
a little bit more.
Mmm. There were
other candidates,
many of them
very well qualified
and less expensive.
Morgan stole our son's nanny.
That cannot stand.
Out of principle.
What principle?
If we get all of the tumor,
which I think we can,
we could extend your life
by five to 10 years.
Maybe more.
But I'll be a quadriplegic.
It's likely you'll maintain
some use of your hands,
unless the edema
spreads upwards.
No, no, no, we're sticking with
our original plan.
Just get me back on my feet
again, okay?
Dad, they said years.
You'd still have
all your mental faculties.
And you'd have me to help.
Can you get me some ice chips?
My mouth is really dry.
Just think about it, please.
Eve drew this
in kindergarten.
I'm the tall one.
She's the one with the hair.
[chuckles]
She told me that her dream
was touching the sky with me.
And I promised her
that we would do that one day.
And then her mom and me,
we got a divorce,
and I lost a lot of years
with my daughter.
Well, this surgery would
give you a lot of years back.
After all these years
of being absent,
I can't ask her to spend
her 20s taking care of me.
She should finish college,
start her own life.
Hi. This is
Dr. Aaron Glassman again.
No, okay.
I don't understand the delay.
Fine. Um, can you please have
them call me back either way?
Thank you.
[exhales] How you feeling?
Mm. You gave me
the good stuff, so...
Yeah, well, guess what?
After the surgery, you're not
gonna need the good stuff,
nor are you going to need
to be telling stories
about spilling pills
into toilets.
-It wasn't--
-Don't bother.
You left the emergency contact
blank on your pre-op form.
You planning
to off me on the table?
Well, I'm not planning on it.
But if something were
to go wrong,
I'm gonna need to contact
your mom or your dad.
Good luck. They kicked me out
years ago, so...
if you want someone
who cares if I die,
guess again.
I'm gonna take the wild guess
that they still care.
You'd be wrong.
Father, thank you
for loving us somuch,
and we ask that you heal
Ruth's back pain
so she can get back to
the pickleball court.
-Amen.
-[Ruth] Amen.
The pain is gone!
Thank you.
I think that's your pain meds
kicking in, Mrs. Wyatt.
Let's go.
I don't have time
to be looking all over for you.
I'm sorry. Helping people
in pain is kind of my thing.
No, it's my thing.
I'm the doctor,
and my patients don't need
your snake oil.
-I'm giving them comfort.
-You're giving them
false hope.
It's okay if you're angry.
He gets that a lot.
I'm not angry.
I just need you to stay put.
-[sighs]
-I didn't mean right now.
I just feel a little...
[grunts]
I need help!
We cannot do
the kidney transplant
until we know
why he collapsed.
He's hypertensive
and tachycardic one moment
and then stable
the next.
Could be carcinoid syndrome
or renovascular hypertension.
There are no suspicious
masses.
His renal arteries
look normal.
His labs rule out
hyperthyroidism.
Everything about this guy
is crazy.
Crazy is not a DSM-recognized
diagnosis, but you are correct.
His underlying condition
must have psychiatric
as well as
physical symptoms.
He has a pheochromocytoma.
We need to surgically
remove it.
It could not be seen
on the MRI,
but it has been flooding
his system with hormones.
Once the pheo's out,
we may find
Jesus has left the building,
taking both kidneys with him.
If that happens,
Naomi almost certainly dies.
We could remove the pheo
and the kidney
at the same time.
Given his blood type,
every surgery is dangerous
because of our limited supply
of Rhnull blood.
[scoffs] Ethically,
there's no debate here,
regardless
of medical issues.
We remove the pheo,
then ask Jesus
if he still wants to move
forward with the donation.
Prep him for surgery.
[Dr. Park] You're trying
to steal our nanny?
Oh, Lea is trying
to steal your nanny
because Morgan
stole her first.
She didn't mention
that part.
Although, Joelle was not
technically our nanny yet,
but Lea is very passionate
about this,
and I'm choosing
to support her.
Yeah. Me, too.
Oh, you're supporting Lea?
No. Morgan.
We need to do something
before this escalates
and we're ordered not
to talk to each other anymore.
We gotta sit down,
the four of us,
and work this out.
Atrium Cafe.
Tuesday, noon.
[knocking on door]
Me again.
You don't have to keep
checking in.
I, um...
I need a favor.
It's kind of a big one.
Due respect, Doctor,
the source of my divinity
isn't just a pheo-whatever-
you-call-it.
Your BP and heart rate
are stable.
Our connection to God
is not that easily severed.
I think you know that.
Why do you keep thinking
you know me?
You don't.
You didn't know my dead friend.
You don't even know
who you are.
I need to place
an arterial line.
I know you're grieving.
-I don't want
to talk about it.
-And you can't understand
how your friend's death
could be part of God's plan.
There is no plan.
It's a lie,
and it's cruel.
And I used to believe in it
somuch.
Every time I lost a patient,
I would tell myself
it's all a part
of a bigger picture.
I took comfort in believing
youwere watching out for us.
Even in the midst
of suffering,
you were working things out
for our good,
but it is all a lie.
My friend was murdered
defending one of yourchildren.
You let him bleed out
on the sidewalk all alone,
and there was no one there to
tell him how much he was loved.
He knew.
I promise.
Hey.
God will love you,
no matter what
you say to Him
or about Him.
You just need
to keep talking.
Okay, everyone, time to vote.
We need your help.
Which peak should we climb,
Mission Peak or Mount Umunhum?
Uh, Mission Peak is
an easier hike,
but Mount Umunhum has
a better view of the sunset.
[Jerome] I vote neither.
[cell phone beeps]
I hope that wasn't
a livestream.
You're
the disappearing nurse.
Jerome Martel.
I'm sorry about that.
I, uh...
I lost the love of my life
recently, very suddenly.
And seeing the two of you,
you know...
It must have struck
a little close to home.
I wish I had known my last day
with him wasmy last day.
Or my last month.
So we could have made
the most of that time.
Are you here to talk me
into the cordectomy?
Asher and I made a plan
to watch every Best Picture
winner since 1928.
We made it to
The Godfather Part II.
Asher fell asleep
halfway through, as usual.
He was snoring so loudly,
I could hardly hear what
Pacino was saying,
I don't know what
the right choice is
for you and your family.
But I know there is nothing
I wouldn't give
to sit by Asher's side
and listen to him snore
through The English Patient.
Dad. We could watch every one
of those 30 for 30
documentaries you like.
Even the ones
about hockey.
Or we could start
our own two-person
true-crime book club.
It wouldn't just be
fun and games, Eve.
You'd also be stuck.
Not stuck.
Honored.
Sure, I'd need help,
but I can't lose you
after just getting you back.
I want you to be there
when I graduate from college.
Maybe walk me down
the aisle someday.
Okay if I wheel you down?
I'd love that.
We removed
the pheochromocytoma.
Do you still believe
you are Jesus?
[exhales softly]
My name is, um...
Is Carl.
I remember
everything, but...
I know I'm not Jesus.
Are you still willing
to move forward
with donating your kidney?
I...
I have no idea
what to do.
We now only have one
remaining bag of Rhnull blood.
That makes another surgery
quite high-risk.
Donating your kidney to Naomi
would be a very kind
thing to do.
But as your surgeon,
it is not medically advisable.
I can't do it.
We've discussed
and would be willing...
Reluctantly willing.
...to hire Joelle
as a part-time nanny
so we can all share her.
Returning half
of what you stole?
What a cop-out.
-Told you.
She's totally unreasonable.
-Excuse me?
If you want
to see unreasonable,
let me hold up a mirror.
Unless you already swiped that
from my bag.
I've seen you knock-off bag.
There's nothing worth taking.
[Shaun] Okay.
Would you be willing
to employ her
on Tuesdays and Thursdays?
And give you
a 60/40 advantage?
We're the ones
who found her.
who hired her.
Youtake
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I'll throw in my wine.
Deal?
No deal, but I will give you
the stack of resumes
from the people
we didn't hire.
So we're supposed to just
pick through your leftovers?
You already did,
except we were
stilleating her.
I did not mean that
the way it sounded.
How about a 50/50 split,
alternating weeks?
I have a better idea.
You're a genius.
Savant.
[Dr. Lim] So,
St. Bon's is now
in the daycare business?
-[Dr. Glassman] You agreed.
-No, I just didn't
contradict you
when you almost
immediately said yes.
I'll take more 4-0
for tackups.
You're opposed
to being family-friendly?
I just didn't realize
your mini strokes
had turned you into
such a softy.
Between the daycare...
and her.
[Dr. Glassman]
What about her?
She's a patient,
who I happen to be
right about.
Let's find out.
Opening the arachnoid.
[monitor beeping]
Significant adhesions,
fourth ventricular veil
restricting CSF flow.
You were right.
Chiari Zero.
This will only solve
one of Hannah's issues,
and arguably the easier one.
Her addiction will
still be a problem.
Doesn't have to be yours.
Watch your dissection.
I've got your discharge papers
and your ride.
My, uh, emergency contact
is my landlord.
You want me to call him?
I think my, um,
brain tricked me
into thinking I was
the most significant person
around because...
I don't really matter
to anyone.
Your friend,
what kind of man was he?
Clever.
Honest.
Would make you laugh
as much as he would
call you out
on your nonsense.
And really brave.
Maybe it wasn't a trick.
Maybe your brain
just showed you the type
of person you could be.
Maybe you came here
for a reason.
Yeah.
I'd like to think so.
[sniffles]
Um, I'd like to
donate my kidney.
Sectioning the artery
with a vascular stapler.
[Shaun] Vitals holding steady.
Kidney looks great.
[Jordan] Ligating
the renal vein.
Removing the left kidney.
Let's get this over to Naomi.
[alarms beeping]
The vein tore.
He's hemorrhaging.
Applying manual pressure.
We need suction
and Cooley clamp.
His renal vein must have
avulsed off the vena cava.
We need to get
vascular control.
200 cc. That's the last
of his banked blood.
[Dr. Lim] Very aware.
[Jordan] Please, please,
do not let this man die.
[alarms continue beeping]
[Dr. Lim] Sutures
aren't holding.
[Jordan] Less than 100 cc
of blood left.
-Can we ligate
the vena cava?
-[Shaun] Tissue is too friable.
That could cause
complete renal failure.
We should put in a graft.
[Dr. Lim]
The walls are tearing.
We need something
to get vascular control now.
[Jordan]
A double-balloon occlusion.
We can block it from above
and below at the same time.
[Shaun] And we could use
the existing
jugular central line
to get access.
Fluoroscopy.
[alarms beeping]
[Dr. Lim]
I'll take the graft.
Lap sponges.
[Shaun] Advancing the catheter
to the SVC.
[Dr. Lim] Call out
when he reaches the IVC.
A little further.
[Jordan] You're there.
[Shaun] Inflating the balloons.
[alarms stop]
BP and heart rate
are stabilizing.
[monitor beeping normally]
[Jordan softly] Thank you.
[knocking on door]
I'm not here
to ask you to come back.
Promise.
I wrote a list.
Yeah, come in.
Anything anyone at St. Bon's
could remember Asher
ever saying
he wanted to do.
Save a cat in a tree.
Learn Dothraki.
Eat pasta in Italy.
If you want, I thought
maybe we could...
do some of it together.
Thanks.
But, uh...
well, these weren't
at the top of Asher's list.
He was really serious about
making me get
a matching tattoo.
A big spoon for me,
little spoon for him.
Tried to talk me into it
at least once a week.
I said it was too silly
for something so real.
Thanks for this.
-Hey!
-[gasps]
Dr. Reznick around?
No! And don't sneak up
on people like that.
I'm sorry.
That lady is putting me
through my paces.
I almost miss surgery.
When I lost my mom,
my whole world stopped
making sense.
I looked to religion
for answers.
I'm still searching
for what feels right,
but I do know my mom's
not just gone.
And I try to find
little ways
to make her a part of my life
as much as I can.
There you are.
The poop fridge shorted out.
You've got 22 fecal samples
to relocate ASAP.
How big is your fridge at home?
-[groans softly]
-Hey.
Okay.
Follow this light.
No more twitch in the eye.
Let me see your hands.
That's good, right?
Yeah, just finger tapping.
Both.
Good.
Grab my hands
and make a nice, tight grip.
Really tight,
as hard as you can. Ow!
[laughs] Okay.
Next you'll be
pitching for the A's.
God, no.
Cubs or bust.
[chuckles]
Thank you
for believing me.
But, um...
I'm... I'm still a little...
Uncomfortable?
That's normal,
considering the surgery
you've just been through.
Could you give me
something?
Your morphine's maxed out.
But you know what
I can do?
I can hang out
for a little while,
keep your mind off things.
I can get a deck of cards.
Gin Rummy or Blackjack?
I don't wanna
take your money.
Ha.
[chuckles]
We could turn on the TV.
Okay.
But I'm choosing
what we watch.
-[cell phone rings]-Oh, I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
I'll be right back.
[exhales]
Yes, it's Dr. Glassman.
Yeah.
And... And they're conclusive?
Okay. Um, can you do me a favor
and send them over?
I'd like to take a look.
[Jose Gonzalez's
"Stay Alive" plays]
Yeah. Um, thank you.
♪ The gears won't turn
And the leaves won't grow ♪
-♪ There's no place to run
And no gasoline ♪
-Okay.
♪ Engine won't turn
and the train won't leave ♪
♪ Engines won't turn
And the train won't leave ♪
♪ Well, the way I feel
Is the way I write ♪
Hey, guys, we are seconds away
from crossing off
our biggest
bucket-list item yet.
Thanks to the help
of our fantastic doctors
and a little bit
of teamwork,
we have arrived
at the peak of Mount Umunhum!
Okay. Everybody ready?
Okay, three, two, one!
[laughs]
We're touching the sky!
[all cheering]
-♪ The way I feel
Is the way I write ♪
-Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Nothing like the thoughts
Of a man who lies ♪
[buzzing]
♪ There is a truth
And it's on our side ♪
♪ Dawn is coming
Open your eyes ♪
♪ Look into the sun
As the new days rise ♪
♪ And I will wait
For you tonight ♪
♪ You're here forever
And you're by my side ♪
So, this patient I just had...
[clears throat]
He thought he was Jesus,
real, actual Jesus.
[laughs] You would have
loved it, or mocked it.
Probably both.
You know, when he said he was
a carpenter from Nazareth,
that's the thing...
♪ Look into the sun
As the new days rise ♪
Hi, Joelle.
-Hi!
-Oh, my gosh.
-I've missed you
so much!
-[Steve coos]
You have done
a very nice job
making this not feel
like a conference room.
Thank you.
Steve was sucha happy,
easy baby.
Oh, was he really?
Oh, I'm so glad.
[Joelle] No, he did great.
He was the only one
who didn't even cry
at drop-off.
-Really?
-Mmm-hmm.
Can't wait
to see you tomorrow.
-Okay, bye.
-Bye.
[Steve cooing]
Oh, you did so good,
peanut.
What's wrong?
She said Steve did not react
when his parent left the room.
Which means loves it here.
Or it could be
an early indication of autism.